README.md, before:

# Making smart dehumidifiers out of dumb ones
[![](https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/(https://discord.gg/c2CaMQDF9t))](https://discord.gg/c2CaMQDF9t)
[![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tiktok&logoColor=white)](https://www.tiktok.com/@muffin_tech_)
## 🪛This is a work in progress... 

## What is needed:
- esp32 microcontroller
- DHT11 temperature/humidity sensor
- PWM controlled fan (I used noctua NF-P12 redux-1700 PWM)
- low power 5v power supply that is small enought to fit (I took mine out of an old phone charger)
- [3x digital thermistor (optional)](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000402235178.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.4c01jLShjLShSX&algo_pvid=e5aa1a2b-d204-45e5-b839-ff9ca1731a55&algo_exp_id=e5aa1a2b-d204-45e5-b839-ff9ca1731a55-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2216%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21EUR%211.01%210.88%21%21%211.02%210.89%21%40%2110000001656105754%21sea%21SI%213672302451%21X&curPageLogUid=T7J2TNUh93Pp&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)
- a humidifier similar to this one  ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbd22878-06eb-4e55-b2ad-fe5e8485a72d)

Commit message:

Update parts and tools needed

README.md, after:

# Making smart dehumidifiers out of dumb ones
[![](https://dcbadge.limes.pink/api/server/(https://discord.gg/c2CaMQDF9t))](https://discord.gg/c2CaMQDF9t)
[![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=tiktok&logoColor=white)](https://www.tiktok.com/@muffin_tech_)
## 🪛This is a work in progress... 

## 🪛🛠️Tools needed:
- a soldering iron
- pliers
- screwdrivers
- hot glue gun

## Parts needed:
- esp32 microcontroller
- DHT11 temperature/humidity sensor
- PWM controlled fan (I used noctua NF-P12 redux-1700 PWM)
- low power 5v power supply that is small enough to fit (I took mine out of an old phone charger)
- [3x digital thermistor (optional)](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/4000402235178.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.main.1.4c01jLShjLShSX&algo_pvid=e5aa1a2b-d204-45e5-b839-ff9ca1731a55&algo_exp_id=e5aa1a2b-d204-45e5-b839-ff9ca1731a55-0&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22order%22%3A%2216%22%2C%22eval%22%3A%221%22%7D&pdp_npi=4%40dis%21EUR%211.01%210.88%21%21%211.02%210.89%21%40%2110000001656105754%21sea%21SI%213672302451%21X&curPageLogUid=T7J2TNUh93Pp&utparam-url=scene%3Asearch%7Cquery_from%3A)
- a humidifier similar to this one  ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cbd22878-06eb-4e55-b2ad-fe5e8485a72d)
